having time for you sir okay hi how are
you this is my wife Cheyenne Cheyenne
oh you're Michaels wife yes well didn't
he do well Hayden
yeah yes right and tonight run the place
as normal I'd like to see how this thing
functions I've tasted it yeah now I want
to see how it works
take me to the kitchen show me the line
please let you check the nature
ordering Pantera - [ __ ] at once my
car my scooter Hut
here's our um fire area salads and
desserts yep alright Diana Diana quickly
great and how long we've been here I've
been here seven or seven years yes Wow
okay great
the main problem of the rest of is was
the kids say the main problem is the
food the food well I like the only thing
they work here and I try to take pride
in my work but I don't think the food is
good Michael needs the eye-opener pick
it out take it out okay here we go
[Music]
while diners try to digest their food
Gordon is having a hard time digesting
what he sees in the kitchen is that how
we heat it we blast it in the microwave
that's very Italian yesterday this
chicken you do this yesterday that's
cooked chicken what's there here later
today so you have the wrong field next
to the cooked chicken come on
the cooks are to blame for their part if
they make a mistake I can live with that
but something by being irresponsible and
neglectful there's no excuse look at
that crap in here
bloody house bells what's that in there
is that calamari that said the air comes
in definitely fresh though that I know
for her freshness frozen you buy this in
fresh it is not fresh calamari we user
here is all frozen
oh Jesus what is that in there boys that
I think it's real stuff you figures feel
pretty sure it's you didn't put it in
there
not in Dadar what is up it looks like
meat thrown in the pan but what is it
though
I don't know it's now labeled hey forget
the oldest of five minutes and come out
of do darrel to come round
don't worry about the cooking for now
I've got more [ __ ] issues
where's last time this was organized
hasn't been organized oh come on
what's that molasses molasses been in
there since Thanksgiving
boss its July what's that oh my god oh
[ __ ]
mrs. Bruhl cool
it's not my fault that you served to me
is it that's our on their old pork of
their lifted oh no that's the old pork
when's this one from not Thanksgiving
again stuff what mushroom smell that
smell it that's [ __ ] older than me
smelling yours that's your sauce Taral
what in the [ __ ] is this oh my god is
that flounder that's my office
definitely old it's great
smell laughs it was embarrassing was
mortifying he comes in something that so
easily identifiable and no one noticed
snorts how is that possible show you
something for two seconds
tomorrow I am absolutely horrified
that's from Thanksgiving and that's a
slimy vile sticky flounder and a sour
disgusting cream sauce I mean honestly
this restaurant has been run like a
pigsty you may be resistant to change
but what's become very clear is that
your resistance to quality
Michael Sheva been a boss to begin with
and had the dishwashing have it done
should have been done Oh
hold of you come in let's go come in how
can we work like that
you've got ingredients from last
Thanksgiving did you smell the flounder
yes
did you see the cooked chicken the raw
pork the Royal veal
it's a joke you should be ashamed of
yourselves under no circumstances can we
continue to serve food shut the place
down
thank you
I don't speak German I'm 72 years old
and I thank God that I've been able to
live